Olivia Hye: I got an apple hair style
Olivia Hye: But someone told me that you looks youngest just a bit
Olivia Hye: Just a bit....
Chuu: Cute~
Chuu: So cute~
(You look cute too, Chuu!)
ViVi: You know, that anti mosquito... something
ViVi: I sprayed that a lot!
ViVi: So it gets into my mouth!
ViVI: I might die beacuase of this spray~
Choerry: Oh! You're coming right away, right?
(However they decide to go into the car again)
HaSeul: But it's too hot. I've got to go into the car
Choerry: My scalp might get burned!
HyunJin: I'm in a white dress
HyunJin: I'll do a photoshoot together wearing this beautiful white dress!
HyunJin: So please look forward to it!
(ViVi taking care of HyunJin)
(And she frowned...)
Kim Lip: Hey, Kim HyunJin!
Kim Lip: (Swag) Hand me the camera
(O.E.C and yyxy eating snacks together)
JinSoul: Yummy~
Kim Lip: Right, it's good
(LOOΠΔ sharing snacks together)
Yves: Put some sound effects!
(Mission success!)